should schools reopen right now and and
if they don't is that a year of lost
learning for our children for kids
up through even eighth grade uh the data
suggests
that if you make sure that you give the
elderly teachers or teachers who live in
a multi-generational household and
therefore
necessarily exposed to elderly people if
you figure out
how to you know have them work at the
uh remote high school level and bring in
younger teachers without those risks you
know i do
think there's a huge benefit for the
younger people so
we ought to be talking more about uh
some age
distinctions here uh in places with
the heavy epidemic which sadly in the us
is a lot of places
high school and college are not uh
going to get organized enough uh
and and the disease transmission rate is
much higher as you get up
you know past say 14 or 15. so
you know it it's everybody's scrambling
because
this is all being done so much at the
last minute
where some people you know thought
the cases wouldn't be raging at this
point and and didn't
uh really help us think it through
well and the shift to remote work and
school is dramatically reshaping
companies and families and i wonder how
you see that having a lasting impact on
society
well there are great things like
telemedicine that people are
been open-minded to because they've kind
of been forced into it and there's ways
to shape that
for lower cost and higher quality the
notion broadly of
how many office workers need to go into
the office
you know how many which weeks which days
how many hours that's going to
get a really big rethink business by
business and
you know you might reduce the total
commercial space needed pretty
dramatically and take
some pressure off of these inner city
cores where the rents and traffic
are are very problematic uh and so
you know we're not going to do as much
business travel i don't think because
you know people have been forced to
learn zoom and teams and the
r d on those things is going to make
them way
better you know even just a year from
now than they are right now
so it's like 10 years of
innovation into this dell digital realm
with medicine e-commerce meetings
uh you know compressed into you know
less than two years
and so that will upend uh you know
certain tax models and
real estate models and how far it goes
is still a bit of a question i've been
following how
melinda has been talking about the
impact this is having
on women and families she's been very
outspoken about how
you and her have navigated uh work
family life and i'm curious how you're
navigating this time you know there's
this feeling in the home of
whose job is more important moms or dads
how do you
answer that question well i'm very good
at doing the dishes
uh i'm not as good at preparing the food
so hopefully some specialization uh
kicks in there you know our kids are
older so we're really lucky we've
actually
gotten more time with them than we would
have under
normal circumstances and obviously you
know we have a lot of room in our house
and a great internet connection so
um in our case is is
a typically nice uh you know and i've
you know tried to make sure it's not uh
loading her but i you know i think it's
great she's speaking out because
if you're a single parent uh if you're
you know in a small space uh this is a
you know hugely difficult thing and it's
even hard to measure
how tough it's been uh you know for
those without
out um you know what what we're lucky to
have